live from ultimate sports cards in Las
Vegas bringing you another box break
2007 football playoff contenders brand
spankin new got 24 packs here so we
might do some canned of openings just so
we can keep it under 25 minute footage
just delivered here fresh from donruss
go and start opening a few just okay all
right same configuration four sometimes
five Otto's but usually for okay nice
face cards I'll bake any autos yet
awesome we hope those are out on here
it's a really cool base card designer
pretty sure all right I dig them dig ok
more base cards I'm very I made a cart
of Ronald curry where's the Peter set
adrianne jones true Joe horn no Michael
Vick Cartwright are more than okay stop
over here Romo ok killing auto refill on
auto Louis McGee Plaxico mcquillen 85 no
I don't all right all right we got some
shiny we've got insert oh you again
number two a million a million mommy
need some excitement here this box is
dragging ass something at the bottom
that l worked on Reggie Bush lon
there any paint drying anywhere we can
watch it be more exciting come on
there's all a bunch of base cards let's
get some autos all right i mean yeah
base cards are nice but you know nobody
wants to watch open 24 packs of base
charge you know which ones are there we
go Mason crawls by kicker that's not bad
dude on the Packers sake a Mason cross
now keep in mind contenders always has
mystery short prints so i'm sure those
are already released somewhere but Romo
insert ausick what's a rumble ensure
number 2 1,000,000 another million 1,000
no seriously man the crowd you that's
not too shabby Wallace I know he's a
kicker at all about it sick is it think
he's a pro bowl kicker you know as a
rookie it's pretty nice I Noah Williams
there hey there story again oh he oh
it's that just call me own oh boy enter
Anthony Gonzales and number three
million again yeah playoff contenders
home of the numbering to a million that
your sales absolutely everything under
100 okay pennington Jamal there we go oh
that's not bad after that game you had
another name ya ready Thomas appear game
economist second one here talking over
200 yards combined that is pretty nice I
think Reggie Bush goes down again next
year lets his back up I mean that's I
don't know how many certified out as
that guy has by man I can't say it's too
many this might be Mason Crosby's first
not sure I'm not sure how many people
signed a kicker there's another Idol
jordan can jordan ken I'd rather the
kicker he's a wide receiver weezy yeah
we leavin on the team or an offensive
tackle this was a first time I got
called them more on on that box don't
let that you deserved it for gone and we
call Rob Thomas or something alright we
still have at least one more one more to
go we're at four minutes
Jacob's Palmer okay this back close lame
oh there we go another auto out of ten
Crowder rookie auto know that deeply all
right I guess got it the el capi winter
South the pages are going at least 11
all right listen zip in his last packs
make sure there's no autos in them
that's a cool insert the no one's home
number 2 100 number to a million and
these are last packs being opened right
now and it's a parallel no Travis Henry
that's a playoff ticket out of 199 cool
and that will do it from ultimate sports
cards thanks again let's do a little
drive-by